Contributor: Create spryker-cloud-commerce-management.md (#1387)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/back-end-development/data-manipulation/data-publishing/handle-data-with-publish-and-synchronization.md

Follow the steps to create the table:

> 1. Create the table schema file in `Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Persistance\Propel\Schema\spy_hello_world_storage.schema.xml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the table schema `Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Persistance\Propel\Schema\spy_hello_world_storage.schema.xml`:
```

}
```

> 4. In order to connect the facade methods to the business logic in the Writer and Deleter, we need to create the Business factory that creates the Writer abd Deleter objects. It is also good practice to create interfaces for these objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To connect the facade methods to the business logic in the Writer and Deleter, create the Business factory that creates the Writer and Deleter objects. We also recommend creating interfaces for these objects.
```

> Create the file: `src\Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Business\HelloWorldStorageBusinessFactory.php`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create `src\Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Business\HelloWorldStorageBusinessFactory.php`.
```

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Business;

use Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Business\Deleter\HelloWorldStorageDeleter;
use Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Business\Deleter\HelloWorldStorageDeleterInterface;
use Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Business\Writer\HelloWorldStorageWriter;
use Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Business\Writer\HelloWorldStorageWriterInterface;
use Spryker\Zed\Kernel\Business\AbstractBusinessFactory;

class HelloWorldStorageBusinessFactory extends AbstractBusinessFactory
{

    /**
     * @return HelloWorldStorageWriterInterface
     */
    public function createHelloWorldMessageStorageWriter(): HelloWorldStorageWriterInterface
    {
        return new HelloWorldStorageWriter();
    }

    /**
     * @return HelloWorldStorageDeleterInterface
     */

    public function createHelloWorldMessageStorageDeleter(): HelloWorldStorageDeleterInterface
    {
        return new HelloWorldStorageDeleter();
    }
}

```

> As you see, these methods return interfaces, so let's create them.
> 
> Create the file: `src\Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Business\Writer\HelloWorldStorageWriterInterface.php`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you see, these methods return interfaces.

In `src\Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Business\Writer\HelloWorldStorageWriterInterface.php`, create the interfaces.
```

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Business\Writer;

interface HelloWorldStorageWriterInterface
{
	/**
	 * @param   \Generated\Shared\Transfer\EventEntityTransfer[]  $eventTransfers
	 *
	 * @return void
	 */
	public function writeCollectionByHelloWorldEvents(array $eventTransfers): void;
}

```

> Create the file: `src\Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Business\Deleter\HelloWorldStorageDeleterInterface.php`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create `src\Pyz\Zed\HelloWorldStorage\Business\Deleter\HelloWorldStorageDeleterInterface.php`.
```
